Well there are a couple of last details I'd like to add to the Mac here I've got in my drawing I've
got a little hints at a grill on the front and maybe that there's a little panel or something on the
back of the jetpack.
So that's what I'm going to work on now to get this little grill on the front what I'm going to do is
use some existing geometry.
In other words I'm going to select this rim here and I'll hit the division key on the numpad to isolate
it.
And I think what I want to do is grab some of these faces down here because what I want is a kind of
a grill that conforms to the shape of the rim here and to do that I'll go ahead and use its own geometry.
So I'm going to select these faces right down here.
I'm going to go ahead and duplicate them.
And then click and I'll go ahead and move them out away from the object here.
And while I've still got it selected I'm going to press the P key and separate by selection.
And now that is its own object.
So I'll go back to object mode de-select everything.
Select this guy here.
And for now I'm going to turn off or maybe even just get rid of completely the subdivision surface modifier
that's on it so I can see it a little bit better and I'm going to bring everything back with the division
key on the numpad.
And so here is my new object.
I'm going to move the origin to the geometry.
And now I can move it and try and put it in place.
It's generally going to be so I'm thinking that this is going to be down here underneath this piece
like this.
So there are a couple of things I'd like to adjust here with the vertices.
I think I'm going to bring these down and in a bit.
I want these to be straight up and down like this.
Something like that.
And if I wanted to make sure that these were completely vertical I could take these two vertices and
scale them in the X and that will ensure that they're actually vertical here.
Something like that.
Now it also seems to be a little bit curved.
See how it's kind of curved in like that.
I can fix that by going to say vertex mode selecting all.
And once again using the scale tool this time in the Y and just scale so that it all flattens in that
axis they're move it down into place here.
Maybe it's going to be about this far away from the body.
And now I'm going to go into edge mode and select these edges with alt select and then shift alt select
and select all of the edges all the way around and press the key and then I'm going to click and drag
back into the y axis feel like it needs to be a little bit taller.
So I'm just going to select some of these faces on the bottom and just pull down like so and then I'm
going to take these faces here on the front and I think I fi extrude and then click and then scale in
just a bit say in this axis and scale in a bit here as well.
It's not going to be perfect.
I may have to do a little bit of adjusting but I just was trying to get a rim here.
I think I'll need to adjust some edges now.
And maybe a few points.
So that I've got something that I can then extrude in as well.
Something like that.
Now it looks like currently it's smooth.
So I'm going to come over here to the shading area under the Tools tab and just click flat.
So I can see it more in flat shading subdivision surface modifier.
Views up to two.
And now go back to smooth just to see how it looks.
And I think what I'll do is add some edge loops here along the sides
and on the top and bottom as well and drag it up and insert the other and drag it down and maybe lastly
I could insert two edge loops along the rim of it here like that.
And we go what I like to do is put some vents in here so to do that I'm going to bring the cursor here
into the center of this object cursor to selected and I think I'm just going to create a cube it's going
to be huge here but that's ok.
And scale it down.
And I think I just want to make this kind of a slant a little vent type thing.
And I may take an edge here and just drag it out so it looks a little angled like this.
And if I isolate it oh I can do things like delete the face in the back because we won't need that.
And I could also add a subdivision service modifier to this
and see how this is going to look
and maybe just add a couple of edge loops to this as well.
So it looks something like that.
Now what I want to do is I'm going to bring this over here.
And place it up in here like this.
And then what I thought I'd do is use the array modifier to fill in this area here with slats.
We're going to have to do a bit of moving around but at least to create these we could use the array
modifier.
So to do that I'm going to select this piece and come over here to the ADD modifiers area and click
array.
And you can see it adds a one here.
I'm going to scroll down here and I can increase the count here and you can see that it adds to it.
And I can increase the relative offset as well.
So it spreads them out a bit.
So I think I will spread them out a little more think I'll go like this and then add a few more like
that.
So now we've got 15 and now I'm going to go ahead and apply that soon now they become all one piece
on one object.
And so I'll select this one and now I'm just going to do a bit of moving around and move this into place
and then I'm going to select this one and this one with the L key and move these into place and I'll
just do this for all of them just moving them into place two by two here and I'm just hovering over
each one pressing the L key to select and then hitting the A key to the de-select and then doing it
again for the next few.
There we go.
So now we have event on the front of our Meck.